Add the docker portions of pca-report-library (#10)
cisagov/pca-report-generator-docker: README.md

> # pca-report-generator-docker #

Reviewer: Some of the recent items that I noted have made me realize that this repo should really be called `pca-report-library-docker`, since it containerizes [`pca-report-library`](https://github.com/cisagov/pca-report-library).  Let's take care of that name change (and the related changes to the `README`) as the final step after all of the other conversations in this PR have been resolved.

Author: @dav3r okay- please let me know when and how to take care of this or if you will

Author: Hi @dav3r when you are back from vacation, please let me know if everything else has been resolved and then how to take care of the repo name change, thanks.

Reviewer: Will do @ameliav - I am going try to get back to you on this tomorrow.

Reviewer: The repo name change is pretty simple- I'm thinking we should change the repo name as soon as this PR is merged.  I can take care of the renaming.  In the meantime, you should update the README and change anything that says `pca-report-generator-docker` to `pca-report-library-docker`.

In addition to that, you still have to get the [failing tests](https://github.com/cisagov/pca-report-generator-docker/runs/4255734569?check_suite_focus=true) to pass.  Let me know if you need any help there.

Author: Hi @dav3r thanks for getting back. I've been assigned to another task so this has been put on hold for me. Will comment again when I'm able to work on this again.

[![Docker Image Size (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/cisagov/example)](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/example)
[![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-amd64%20%7C%20arm%2Fv6%20%7C%20arm%2Fv7%20%7C%20arm64%20%7C%20ppc64le%20%7C%20s390x-blue)](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/pca-report-generator-docker/tags)

This is a Docker project that containerizes the [pca-report-library](https://github.com/cisagov/pca-report-library)
package, which can be used to generate Phishing Campaign Assessment (PCA) reports.

## Running ##

The following Docker commands are available.

> An alias can also be set beforehand to remove redundancy.
> 
> Parameters can be added at the end. Each defaulting command prints out a help message.

Reviewer: Improve explanatory text:
```suggestion
Use `--entrypoint` to select which command within `pca-report-library` to
execute:

- `pca-report-generator` (this is the default entrypoint)
- `pca-report-templates`
- `pca-report-compiler`

If no additional parameters are supplied, help text will be output.
See below for examples:
```

> `pca-report-generator` - Creates a PCA report as a PDF
> 
> ```console
> docker run -v $(pwd):/home/cisa cisagov/pca-report-generator:0.0.1
> ```
> 
> `pca-report-templates` - Exports the Report Mustache template and Manual data
> file template
> 
> ```console
> docker run -v $(pwd):/home/cisa --entrypoint pca-report-templates cisagov/pca-report-library-docker:0.0.1
> ```

Reviewer: Improve and correct examples:
````suggestion
`pca-report-generator` - Create a PCA report as a PDF:

```console
docker run --volume $(pwd):/home/cisa cisagov/pca-report-library:0.0.1 MY_ASSESSMENT_ID
```

`pca-report-templates` - Export the PCA manual data file template or Mustache
template:

```console
docker run --volume $(pwd):/home/cisa --entrypoint pca-report-templates cisagov/pca-report-library:0.0.1 --manualData

docker run --volume $(pwd):/home/cisa --entrypoint pca-report-templates cisagov/pca-report-library:0.0.1 --LaTeX
```
````

> `pca-report-compiler` -  Compiles a PCA LaTeX report file,  still in development.

Reviewer: Improve text:
```suggestion
`pca-report-compiler` -  Compile a PCA LaTeX report file (still in
development):
```

```console

> docker run -v $(pwd):/home/cisa --entrypoint pca-report-templates cisagov/pca-report-library-docker:0.0.1

Reviewer: Improve example:
```suggestion
docker run --volume $(pwd):/home/cisa --entrypoint pca-report-templates cisagov/pca-report-library:0.0.1 MY_REPORT.tex
```

```

> `pca-report-generator-bash` - Starts up a `bash` shell in the container
> 
> ```console
> docker run -v $(pwd):/home/cisa --entrypoint pca-report-generator-bash cisagov/pca-report-generator

Reviewer: Improve example and text:
```suggestion
Start up a `bash` shell in a `pca-report-library` container:

```console
docker run -v $(pwd):/home/cisa --entrypoint /bin/bash --interactive --tty cisagov/pca-report-library:0.0.1
```

[![Docker Image Size (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/cisagov/example)](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/example)
[![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-amd64%20%7C%20arm%2Fv6%20%7C%20arm%2Fv7%20%7C%20arm64%20%7C%20ppc64le%20%7C%20s390x-blue)](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/pca-report-generator-docker/tags)

This is a Docker project that uses the pca-report-library package.

> The package is used for generating PCA reports with LaTeX and supporting scripts.

Reviewer: Consolidate text, add URL, and expand PCA acronym at first usage:
```suggestion
This is a Docker project that containerizes the [pca-report-library](https://github.com/cisagov/pca-report-library)
package, which can be used to generate Phishing Campaign Assessment (PCA) reports.
```

## Running ##

> The following docker commands are available.

Reviewer: Use proper capitalization:
```suggestion
The following Docker commands are available.
```

An alias can also be set beforehand to remove redundancy.

> `pca-report-generator` - Builds PCA LaTeX report and complies the PDF

Reviewer: Simplify wording:
```suggestion
`pca-report-generator` - Creates a PCA report as a PDF
```

```console
docker run -v $(pwd):/home/cisa cisagov/pca-report-generator pca-report-generator
```

`pca-report-templates` - Exports the Report Mustache template and Manual data
file template

```console
docker run -v $(pwd):/home/cisa cisagov/pca-report-generator pca-report-templates
```

`pca-report-compiler` -  Compiles a PCA LaTeX report file,  still in development.

```console
docker run -v $(pwd):/home/cisa cisagov/pca-report-generator pca-report-compiler
```

> `pca-report-generator-bash` - Will SSH into the container

Reviewer: SSH is not involved here:
```suggestion
`pca-report-generator-bash` - Starts up a `bash` shell in the container
```

```console
docker run -v $(pwd):/home/cisa cisagov/pca-report-generator pca-report-generator-bash
```

For debuging purposes - Will SSH into the container without an extra command

```console
docker run --rm -it --entrypoint bash cisagov/pca-report-generator

> ```

Reviewer: These lines are unnecessary and can be deleted.

Author: Resolved in 91c7b63a257b423be7afef5056d9b62026a910c3

    version: "3.7"

    services:
      pca-report-library:

>         image: cisagov/pca-report-library

Reviewer: We encourage using version tags on all of our Docker images whenever possible:
```suggestion
        image: cisagov/pca-report-library:0.0.1
```

>         file: quote.txt

Reviewer: If you don't require any Docker secrets, then this section can be deleted.

Author: Resolved in c15795b18e4337758b108e73d9213e84d30e4ba6

1. Pull the new image:

    ```console

>     docker pull cisagov/pca-report-library

Reviewer: We encourage using version tags on all of our Docker images whenever possible:
```suggestion
    docker pull cisagov/pca-report-library:0.0.1
```

    ```

1. Recreate and run the container by following the [previous instructions](#running-with-docker).

> <!-- Not yet pushed to Docker Hub. No Image tags.

Reviewer: This will be pushed to Docker Hub (as well as the [GitHub Container Registry](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry)) automatically by our [GitHub build action](https://github.com/cisagov/pca-report-generator-docker/blob/d723194b36cc4f411aa972c04b5fdf9bad1de887/.github/workflows/build.yml#L339-L420), so this section should not be commented out.
```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Also, the tags in the table below should be modified from the skeleton example to:
`cisagov/pca-report-library:0.0.1`
`cisagov/pca-report-library:0.0`
`cisagov/pca-report-library:0`

Author: Resolved in 7cbc7c771a34073ff1413d6a32386b104d2d3bf4

|`cisagov/example:latest`| The most recent release image pushed to a container registry.  Pulling an image using the `:latest` tag [should be avoided.](https://vsupalov.com/docker-latest-tag/) |

See the [tags tab](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/example/tags) on Docker

> Hub for a list of all the supported tags. -->

Reviewer: See previous note about not commenting out this section.
```suggestion
Hub for a list of all the supported tags.
```

Hub for a list of all the supported tags. -->

## Volumes ##

| Mount point | Purpose        |
|-------------|----------------|
| `/var/log`  |  Log storage   |

## Ports ##

The following ports are exposed by this container:

| Port | Purpose        |
|------|----------------|
| 8080 | Example only; nothing is actually listening on the port |

The sample [Docker composition](docker-compose.yml) publishes the

> exposed port at 8080.

Reviewer: If no ports are being exposed, this section should look like this (just comment out the "ports" table in case it is ever needed in the future):

```
There are no ports exposed by this container.

<!--
The following ports are exposed by this container:

| Port | Purpose        |
|------|----------------|
| 8080 | Example only; nothing is actually listening on the port |

The sample [Docker composition](docker-compose.yml) publishes the
exposed port at 8080.
-->

Author: Resolved in a8f6a047fab36bbac8ac4c297326e9c7f23f8853

> | `/home/cisa`  |  Log storage   |

Reviewer: See my previous comment about whether or not this volume is truly needed.  If it is, please come up with a more accurate purpose description than "Log storage".  If it isn't, this section should be commented out and then add something like "There are no volumes for this container."

Author: Resolved in f8c135f56bb2837155838b04234e0119e9e95a08

> | `PCA_GENERATOR_IMAGE` | Docker image name. | `cisagov/pca-report-generator` |

Reviewer: `PCA_GENERATOR_IMAGE` is not an environment variable specified in the Dockerfile.  There are 3 `ENV` variables currently in there and they are all optional since they are all given default values.  Make sure that those variables are documented in the "Optional" section below.

Author: Resolved in ea18e214736be0c31a4e7e018469040e6686c693

Reviewer: The environment variables should be listed here alphabetically.

Also, a reminder that the person who starts a conversation should be the one to mark it as "resolved".  The only exception to this is when you commit a suggestion- in that case, GitHub automatically marks the conversation as resolved by the committer, which is fine.

Author: Oh okay, np. Will make note of that.

Author: Resolved in 4d038c2f7b9eab871cc0906b28694563547d5a7c

|-------|---------|---------|

> | `ECHO_MESSAGE` | Sets the message echoed by this container.  | `Hello World from Dockerfile` | -->

Reviewer: As mentioned above, this section should not be commented out.

Author: Resolved in af48f3c00e040fb612385423b6173f40e7c5ad8b

## Secrets ##

| Filename     | Purpose |
|--------------|---------|

> | `quote.txt` | Replaces the secret stored in the example library's package data. |

Reviewer: If secrets are not being used, this section should be commented out, then add a message like "There are no secrets for this container."

Author: Resolved in 1be4e84a682aa5cb61a1c632639ddb7a9ff853e3

> <!-- ## Cross-platform builds ##

Reviewer: These sections should not have been removed/commented out.

Author: Resolved in 598aceef591cfd34045b8d82f810e36563a5925d

```console
docker build \
  --build-arg VERSION=0.0.1 \
  --tag cisagov/pca-report-library:0.0.1 \

>   https://github.com/cisagov/pca-report-library.git#develop

Reviewer: Use correct name of this repo:
```suggestion
  https://github.com/cisagov/pca-report-generator-docker.git#develop
```

   or the command line:

    ```console

>     git clone https://github.com/cisagov/pca-report-library.git
>     cd example

Reviewer: Use correct name of this repo and update skeleton directory name for this repo:
```suggestion
    git clone https://github.com/cisagov/pca-report-generator-docker.git
    cd pca-report-generator-docker
```

    cd example
    ```

> 2. Create the `Dockerfile-x` file with `buildx` platform support:

Reviewer: This change and the following change are not needed.  [Markdown ordered lists are valid](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#ordered-lists) if all items start with `1.`, which is our coding standard.
```suggestion
1. Create the `Dockerfile-x` file with `buildx` platform support:
```

    ```console
    ./buildx-dockerfile.sh
    ```

> 3. Build the image using `buildx`:

Reviewer: See previous comment:
```suggestion
1. Build the image using `buildx`:
```
